welcome to the ski
beat world championship 2013 year
here the hell is going on because fight here
14 days of the best skiing
Downhill runner of the world in eleven
Categories around gold and when it comes to gold
and world champion is allowed then of course
the world champion among the tractors
not missing the efficiency world champion
the fendt vario
fendt is a gold partner of schladming
and supports the city with ten
tractors in winter use so the wm
nothing by traffic and
snow chaos must shine as schladming
In 2008 the surcharge for the alpine ski wm
got clear was all with only
Professional partners can be one
lift the big event
and we just wanted the best
which also exists on the market as a partner
bring to schladming and it is us
so I'm very confident with fans
succeeded and we have a huge one
I am glad that it is here in the region
schladming rohrmoos also this
partnership just because of the alpine
ski world championship 2013 with fendt
there and we are convinced that
would be a sustainable partnership
his
now you can see them everywhere
schladming the fendt tractors im
winter use
they clear the way at dawn
Alone 4000 parking spaces for cars and 400
Buses must always be free of snow
the coordination for the whole
Winterdienst takes over the machine ring
Dachstein Tauern
Of course we considered ourselves
machine ring immediately ready explained
to take over this
we now have ten from the company fendt
Tractors provided
to get
alone on the planai the house mountain of
Schladming drive the tractors up to
2000 meters high around the streets for the
make tourism traffic passable
Here the employment starts early in the morning
at 3 o'clock at high minus degrees so go
We have been in action before
and what is most important to us is that
is the vario gear that is really
perfect for winter service because you
even on the mountain high always the best fits
power performance speed so there
He really smiles perfect mother
force
and the thrust for the tractor
the comfort of the cabin
this positive feedback friend Harald
herberg from the vario vates in wallern
he knows that only powerful and
powerful machines under extreme conditions
enforce conditions
very important in winter service is the
Stability of the machines of the
use is very hard at
minimum temperatures and above all most of the time
at night and there is of course a lot
important that service around the clock and
our fendt partner awards
that private traders are that
you really around the clock for the
winter service for the condominium communes for
the snowplower 1000 and in the
night already in spain accidentally
open
only if excellent service and
powerful power can come together
even under difficult conditions
not only win in alpine skiing
but also very much in winter
important and where really the best of the
world together now what in winter
sport concerns there also if that
tractor premium manufacturers include
and as it were with the best ones too
be and show that is starting to catch up now
good and clear and clear that the
be the best and we are happy that one
can operate the machines in use
and that we have this machine ring
The Fendt tractors are allowed to organize
So you are not just in the field
efficiency world champion but have themselves
We also work well on the road
Beyond this area this falls
report more frequently
one stand the big ones demopark
and Baumann